chore: deprecate cache states (#13180)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

## Core

### Deprecation of `sw-states` and `sw-currency` handling and new way to disable caching
The `sw-states` and `sw-currency` handling is deprecated, which means by default the HTTP-Cache will also be active for logged in customers or when the cart is filled in the next major version.

> You can opt in to the new behaviour by activating either the `v6.8.0.0` (all upcoming breaking changes),  `PERFORMANCE_TWEAKS` (all performance related breaks) or `CACHE_CONTEXT_HASH_RULES_OPTIMIZATION` (only the HTTP-Cache related breaks) feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can opt in to the new behaviour by activating either the `v6.8.0.0` (all upcoming breaking changes), `PERFORMANCE_TWEAKS` (all performance related breaks) or `CACHE_REWORK` (only the HTTP-Cache related breaks) feature flag.
```

Due to the rework of the contained rules in the cache hash, this becomes efficiently possible. The complete caching behaviour is now controlled by the `sw-cache-hash` cookie.

You should rework you extensions to also work with enabled cache for logged in customers and when the cart is filled.

> If your extension is too dynamic you can restore the old behaviour by manually creating a cache key listener in your plugin:

Reviewer: should we really document this here or just link to the docs? so it is "harder" to get the information how you actually make your shop slower, or engage bad plugins to be even more worse? :grimacing:

```php
class HttpCacheKeyListener implements EventSubscriberInterface
{
    public function __construct(
        private readonly CartService $cartService
    ) {
    }
    
    public static function getSubscribedEvents(): array
    {
        return [
            HttpCacheCookieEvent::class => 'onCacheCookie',
        ];
    }

    public function onCacheCookie(HttpCacheCookieEvent $event): void
    {
        // disable cache for logged in customers
        if ($event->context->getCustomer() !== null) {
            $event->isCacheable = false;
        }

        // disable cache for filled carts
        $cart = $this->cartService->getCart($event->context->getToken(), $event->context);
        if ($cart->getLineItems()->count() > 0) {
            $event->isCacheable = false;
        }
    }
}
```
**Note:** Keep in mind that this has severe performance implications and should only be used if absolutely necessary.

> For this the following classes and constants were deprecated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes and constants were deprecated as they will not be used anymore:
```
